1. Your name
Emily Wright

2. An acknowledgement and discussion of any parts of the program that are not
working. Failure to disclose obvious problems will result in additional penalties.

Everything is working, however I am not sure if I had to input five years or if
I should implement my program to only be any number of years. Also my input is based
on having the test cases be from 2010-2014. Another thing about the program I was
unsure of is if I was supposed to allow duplicates in the final list of 10 female
and 10 male babies for all 5 years. I decided it only made sense because it would
show the overall trend.

3. An acknowledgment and discussion of any parts of the program that appear to
be inefficient (in either time or space complexity).

The program takes about 15 - 20 seconds to run. My program is very repetitive for
inputting, finding the popularity and printing for the five different test cases.
This could have slowed the program down.

4. A discussion of the portions of the assignment that were most challenging.
What about those portions was challenging?

A lot of my program was copied from my previous work with assignment three, so
the most challenging part was how to manipulate my previous program to make it work
with this new assignment. Another challenge I got held up on was make one large
binary search tree for all five years. I had to create a separate node for the overall
tree, even though it was the same node for the separate year trees.

5. A discussion on how you approached testing that your program was correct and
asymptotically efficient. What did test1.txt test? What did test2.txt test?

My testing was efficient because it took less time to run because of the less Data,
rather then the large data files that were given. I used the two test files yob2018.txt
and yob2017.txt. I used yob2018.txt to make sure it still printed the overall top
ten names, even though the names were all different from the other 4 files. I used
yob2017.txt to make sure the percentages were printing correctly by using smaller
numbers.
